Update project docs: (#821)
exonum/exonum-java-binding: exonum-java-binding/README.md

Exonum Java Binding is a framework for building blockchain applications in Java, 
powered by Exonum.

> With Exonum Java Binding you can define a stateful Exonum Service in Java,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Exonum Java Binding you can define stateful Exonum Services in Java,
```

Reviewer 2: agree with the suggestion
